Mom?
Xuan Xuan, why did I fall to the ground?
Here is the candied gourd you want.
Teacher and student Teacher and student
Brother is gone
Doctor doctor
Doctor doctor stop calling my sister doctor
What are you doing
I want to see my sister.
You sit here and wait for your sister to be alright
Wait
Sister, why are you born here?
Sorry, Mom.
My sister protects my sister
Doctor, how is my daughter?
The patient is out of danger
The patient had a high fever for too long and damaged the brain
There may be temporary memory loss
Impossible after too long?
If you have a fever, we will send it over.
Shengsheng
She's not my daughter.
What!
Go find Shengsheng
What are you still doing?
collect